ROX:26971: Add CRS to ACS docs (#89252)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_ocp/init-bundle-ocp.adoc

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title-short} uses a special artifact during installation that allows Central to communicate securely with secured clusters that you are adding. Before release 4.7, {product-title-short} used _init bundles_ for this communication. In 4.7, {product-title-short} provides an alternative to init bundles called a _cluster registration secret_.

Reviewer: maybe plural form

```suggestion
{product-title-short} uses a special artifact during installation that allows Central to communicate securely with secured clusters that you are adding. Before release 4.7, {product-title-short} used _init bundles_ for this communication. In 4.7, {product-title-short} provides an alternative to init bundles called a _cluster registration secrets_.
```

for consistency with `init bundles`?

Author: Thanks, I went back and forth on this, because I hate "CRSes", but I guess I'm going to have to break down and use CRSes....

> :FeatureName: Cluster registration secret

Reviewer: Again, usual caveat, since I'm not a native speaker. But I would say plural form here as well would look batter, since we not talking about a single such instance, but more about the general concept of these things?

include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> Currently, using an init bundle or a CRS during installation is supported. However, {product-title-short} does not yet support using the portal to create a CRS. You must create the CRS by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: Maybe I have overlooked it, but did we introduce the acronym `CRS` somewhere before? If not, maybe that would be helpful for the reader, for example in the tech-preview note above?

Reviewer: lgtm.

> Currently, using an init bundle or a CRS during installation is supported. However, {product-title-short} does not yet support using the portal to create a CRS. You must create the CRS by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: Maybe replace the last sentence with something like

```
Hence, if you intend to use a CRS for cluster registration, you must create it using `roxctl` CLI`.
```

(modulo exact phrasing)

Author: Changed to "therefore" but sounds good. We do normally use "the" with "roxctl CLI" so I will be consistent with current usage.

With the addition of CRSes, the following system behaviors occur:

* When your secured cluster initially connects using the CRS certificate, it retrieves multiple certificates and stores them as Kubernetes secrets on the secured cluster.

> * The deployment scripts used when installing {product-title-short} by using the `roxctl` CLI have been changed and by default use CRS instead of init bundles when deploying a new secured cluster. To change the default behavior, set `ROX_DEPLOY_SENSOR_WITH_CRS` to `false`.

Reviewer: This is just info for engineer workflows!
What we expose to customers as installation methods are: Helm charts, RHACS operator and the "manifest bundle method".

> * The deployment scripts used when installing {product-title-short} by using the `roxctl` CLI have been changed and by default use CRS instead of init bundles when deploying a new secured cluster. To change the default behavior, set `ROX_DEPLOY_SENSOR_WITH_CRS` to `false`.

Reviewer: Actually I am not sure about this whole paragraph, if it is helpful for users(?).

Author: So will users ever need to *not* use CRSes, or revert to init bundles? Like, will they need to change the default behavior? If not, then we should probably remove the whole thing.

Reviewer: It is my understanding that we sufficiently discussed this on Slack -- right?

Author: Yes, it's behind the scenes info and users won't be changing the deployment scripts so not needed - will remove.

> Before you install the `SecuredCluster` resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle or CRS. The cluster that has `SecuredCluster` installed and configured then uses this bundle or CRS to authenticate with Central. You can create an init bundle by using either the {product-title-short} portal or the `roxctl` CLI. You can use the `roxctl` CLI to create a CRS. You can then apply the init bundle or the CRS by using the {ocp} web console or the `oc` CLI, running the `helm install` command, or by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: Maybe nitpicking, but above we we have made explicit, that currently `roxctl` is mandatory for creating CRSes, and here we phrase it as

> You can use the `roxctl` CLI to create a CRS.

Author: I guess I was thinking that in the future, other methods will also be supported, so it's an option (although a requirement right now). I'll change this.

[role="_abstract"]

{product-title-short} uses a special artifact during installation that allows Central to communicate securely with secured clusters that you are adding. Before release 4.7, {product-title-short} used _init bundles_ for this communication. In 4.7, {product-title-short} provides an alternative to init bundles called _cluster registration secrets_ (CRSes).

:FeatureName: Cluster registration secrets
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

Currently, using an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS) during installation is supported. However, {product-title-short} does not yet support using the portal to create a CRS. Therefore, you must create the CRS by using the `roxctl` CLI.

You can use CRSes when you are installing {product-title-short} by using the Operator, Helm, or manifest installation methods.

> Before you install the `SecuredCluster` resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle or CRS. The cluster that has `SecuredCluster` installed and configured then uses this bundle or CRS to authenticate with Central. You can create an init bundle by using either the {product-title-short} portal or the `roxctl` CLI. You must use the `roxctl` CLI to create a CRS. You can then apply the init bundle or the CRS by using the {ocp} web console or the `oc` CLI, running the `helm install` command, or by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: I am kind of missing an introductory explanation of this `SecuredCluster` resource thing here or nearby:

When a user wants to use the operator installation method, there is something called a `Custom Resource definition` (CRD), which comes installed with the operator itself. this thing defines what a `SecuredCluster` resource is. The user can then apply a custom resource of kind `SecuredCluster` and let the operator set it up.

tl,dr: This exists only in the context of operator-based installation. A user who wants to use Helm will at no point have to deal with `SecuredCluster` resources.

Author: So I basically added CRS to the existing text, which was:

Before you install the SecuredCluster resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle. The cluster that has SecuredCluster installed and configured then uses this bundle to authenticate with Central. You can create an init bundle by using either the RHACS portal or the roxctl CLI. You then apply the init bundle by using it to create resources.

Author: I think the issue is that this module covers all of the installation methods. Can you suggest a rewording of the above text to make it more accurate? 

Maybe:

"Before you set up a secured cluster, you must create an init bundle or CRS"?

Author: Reworded - PTAL

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title-short} uses a special artifact during installation that allows Central to communicate securely with secured clusters that you are adding. Before release 4.7, {product-title-short} used _init bundles_ exclusively for initiating the secure communication channel. Beginning with 4.7, {product-title-short} provides an alternative to init bundles called _cluster registration secrets_ (CRSes).

Reviewer 2: Should we have a section that describes how CRS are different from init bundles, and why it's preferable to use them?

Reviewer 2: I don't know if we're going to deprecate init bundles in 4.8, or even remove them from the UI. @mclasmeier do you?

But as long as we support both, I think it would be useful to advertise what they bring (e.g. better security, ability to revoke a CRS without disconnecting secured clusters, single token that can be used both by Helm and Operator) so that customers can make a choice as to which to use.

Reviewer: I don't think that init-bundles will be deprecated that soon (don't remember having seen this to be discussed for 4.8). Also, note that the CRS implementation we have currently is not feature-complete yet and that is not even scheduled to change for 4.8.

Author: Gotcha - I added a snippet trying to summarize the benefits as stated here and in a couple of sources. Please let me know if it needs changes!

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title-short} uses a special artifact during installation that allows Central to communicate securely with secured clusters that you are adding. Before release 4.7, {product-title-short} used _init bundles_ for this communication. In 4.7, {product-title-short} provides an alternative to init bundles called _cluster registration secrets_ (CRSes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title-short} uses a special artifact during installation that allows Central to communicate securely with secured clusters that you are adding. Until release 4.7, {product-title-short} used _init bundles_ exclusively for initiating the secure communication channel. Beginning with 4.7, {product-title-short} provides an alternative to init bundles called _cluster registration secrets_ (CRSes).
```

Author: I don't mind adding your changes but typically we use "before" when referring to previous releases.

:FeatureName: Cluster registration secrets
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> Currently, using an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS) during installation is supported. However, {product-title-short} does not yet support using the portal to create a CRS. Therefore, you must create the CRS by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: Don't we have a contradiction here? In the above note it says that CRS is tech preview feature and is therefore not officially supported yet. In this line we claim that it is supported? I understand the difference between "supported as part of a support contract" and "technically supported by central", I just wonder if this could be rephrased to make it seem less like a contradiction.

> You can use CRSes when you are installing {product-title-short} by using the Operator, Helm, or manifest installation methods.

Reviewer: Not quite. Operator and Helm, yes. Manifest -- that works differently. You also don't use init-bundles for manifest installation of a secure cluster. these manifest bundles already *embed* the required certificates directly.

//delete?
//* When your secured cluster initially connects using the CRS certificate, it retrieves multiple certificates and stores them as Kubernetes secrets on the secured cluster.
//* The deployment scripts used when installing {product-title-short} by using the `roxctl` CLI have been changed and by default use CRS instead of init bundles when deploying a new secured cluster. To change the default behavior, set `ROX_DEPLOY_SENSOR_WITH_CRS` to `false`.

> Before you install the `SecuredCluster` resource on a cluster, you must create an init bundle or CRS. The cluster that has `SecuredCluster` installed and configured then uses this bundle or CRS to authenticate with Central. You can create an init bundle by using either the {product-title-short} portal or the `roxctl` CLI. You must use the `roxctl` CLI to create a CRS. You can then apply the init bundle or the CRS by using the {ocp} web console or the `oc` CLI, running the `helm install` command, or by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: Regarding
> You can then apply the init bundle or the CRS by using the {ocp} web console or the `oc` CLI, running the `helm install` command, or by using the `roxctl` CLI.

You can apply an init-bundle/CRS using the web console, `oc` or `kubectl` for operator usage. For Helm it needs to be passed as an argument to `helm install`. But there is no way to directly *apply* an init-bundle/CRS to a cluster using `roxctl`.
